2a. Would add choice between different color values (RGB, Hex, HSL)

3a. The DOM is the data representation of everything that comprises the document.
 b. The DOM is different than just HTML when it is loaded in a browser (as a webpage).
 c. When the page is first loaded, the DOM is in the 'loading' state.
 d. With JavaScript off, the DOM would still be 'loading' initially, i think?

4a. The core of the page is generated from the HTML. The color values in the header are being plugged in via JavaScript. The background colors are being set in the CSS, 
    but the square colors are generated by the JavaScript.
 b. Nothing happens in the CSS file when you click on various page elements; the styling is changing inline, not in the actual file itself.
    i. The CSS file changes all page elements' styling.
 c. When either New Colors or one of the squares are clicked, the squares have their background color changed via JavaScript.
 d. 
    i. On clicking a color block, the app compares the color you clicked to the winning color.
    ii. If they match, score increases and game gives option to reset. If not, score decreases.
    iii. Clicking "Play Again" calls the reset() function, which resets background page colors, generates new square colors, and a new winning color.
    iv. JavaScript can change any HTML elements on the page, and can change the styling for any of those.
    v. Score is tracked as a global variable naned 'score' that is incremented or decremented depending on user choice.
    vi. It persists through closing the page because it is saved in Local Storage.
    vii. Changed to session storage
    viii. Score is now kept in session storage, meaning the saved data is cleared when the page session ends.
    ix. On win, the winning color is matched against the color api to get a name, the name is inserted in the header, and the header's background color is set to the winning color.
    x. 'Asynchronous' refers to a function that can process while the next code continues, returning a value whenever it is able
    xi. 'fetch' is a function that is provided as part of the Fetch API for accessing and manipulating HTTP requests/responses
    xii. It fetches data from the specified url.
    xiii. One alternative to fetch is a library called Axios
    xiv. Axios is more widely supported on older browsers, and gives option to set custom timeout duration.

6. Of the 3E skills, this project had me drawing from curiosity (poking at the code), problem-solving/engage in analysis (researching answers i didn't have)